Clarify BGP Flap-damping example (#158)
IETF-OPSAWG-WG/draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis: draft-ietf-opsawg-rfc5706bis.md

   a more detailed discussion on what makes for a successful protocol.

   BGP flap damping {{?RFC2439}} is an example.  It was designed to block
   high-frequency route flaps.  Some implementations were memory-

>    constrained so chose not to support this function, others found a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   constrained so often elected not to support this function, others found a
```
